Add section "working with existing PRs" (#73)
leanprover-community/leanprover-community.github.io: templates/contribute/index.md

- See [Caching compilation](#caching-compilation) for commands to automatically call `leanproject get-cache`.

## Working with an existing PR

> We use GitHub "labels" to manage review. On the main page for a PR, on the right-hand side, 

Author: ```suggestion
We use GitHub "labels" to manage review. (Labels can only be edited by "GitHub collaborators", which is approximately the same as "people who have completed step 3 above")
On the main page for a PR, on the right-hand side, 
```

> there should be a sidebar with panels "reviewers", "asignees", "labels", etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
there should be a sidebar with panels "reviewers", "assignees", "labels", etc. 
```

> Click on the "labels" header to add or remove labels from the current project. The most important labels are "request-review" and "changes-requested". If you label your PR with "request-review", someone will probably "review" it within a few days (depending on the size of the PR; smaller PRs will get quicker responses). The reviewer will probably leave comments and change the label to "changes-requested". You should address each comment, clicking the "resolve conversation" button once the problem is resolved. Ideally each problem is resolved with a new commit, but there is no hard rule here. Once all requested changes are implemented, you should change the label back to "request-review" to start the process over again.

Reviewer: It's worth noting that only collaborators have permission to change labels.

> After some iteration, a reviewer will "approve" the PR. A bot called `bors` will make a comment with instructions. After following these, the PR will get added to the "merge queue". The merge queue gets cleared automatically by bors, but this takes some finite amount of time as it requires building branches of mathlib.

Reviewer: We have a little intro to `bors` [here](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/blob/master/docs/contribute/bors.md). It might be too much for new contributors though.

Reviewer 2: We can still have a link for people who want details.

- See [Caching compilation](#caching-compilation) for commands to automatically call `leanproject get-cache`.

## Working with an existing PR
We use GitHub "labels" to manage review. (Labels can only be edited by "GitHub collaborators", which is approximately the same as "people who have completed step 3 above")
On the main page for a PR, on the right-hand side, 
there should be a sidebar with panels "reviewers", "assignees", "labels", etc. 
Click on the "labels" header to add or remove labels from the current project. The most important labels are "request-review" and "changes-requested". If you label your PR with "request-review", someone will probably "review" it within a few days (depending on the size of the PR; smaller PRs will get quicker responses). The reviewer will probably leave comments and change the label to "changes-requested". You should address each comment, clicking the "resolve conversation" button once the problem is resolved. Ideally each problem is resolved with a new commit, but there is no hard rule here. Once all requested changes are implemented, you should change the label back to "request-review" to start the process over again.

> After some iteration, a reviewer will "approve" the PR. A bot called `bors` will make a comment with instructions. After following these, the PR will get added to the "merge queue". The merge queue gets cleared automatically by bors, but this takes some finite amount of time as it requires building branches of mathlib.

Author: ```suggestion
After some iteration, a reviewer will "approve" the PR. A bot called `bors` will make a comment with instructions. (See [here](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/blob/master/docs/contribute/bors.md) for more detail about bors.)
 After responding appropriately to bors, the PR will get added to the "merge queue". The merge queue gets cleared automatically, but this takes some finite amount of time as it requires building branches of mathlib.
```

- See [Caching compilation](#caching-compilation) for commands to automatically call `leanproject get-cache`.

> ## Working with an existing PR

Author: ```suggestion
## Lifecycle of a PR
```

We use GitHub "labels" to manage review. (Labels can only be edited by "GitHub collaborators", which is approximately the same as "people who have completed step 3 above")
On the main page for a PR, on the right-hand side, 
there should be a sidebar with panels "reviewers", "assignees", "labels", etc. 
Click on the "labels" header to add or remove labels from the current project. The most important labels are "request-review" and "changes-requested". If you label your PR with "request-review", someone will probably "review" it within a few days (depending on the size of the PR; smaller PRs will get quicker responses). The reviewer will probably leave comments and change the label to "changes-requested". You should address each comment, clicking the "resolve conversation" button once the problem is resolved. Ideally each problem is resolved with a new commit, but there is no hard rule here. Once all requested changes are implemented, you should change the label back to "request-review" to start the process over again.

> After some iteration, a reviewer will "approve" the PR. A bot called `bors` will make a comment with instructions. (See [here](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/blob/master/docs/contribute/bors.md) for more detail about bors.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After some iteration, a reviewer will "approve" the PR. A bot called `bors` will take it from here. (See [here](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib/blob/master/docs/contribute/bors.md) for more detail about bors.)
```
Most of the time we simply tell bors to add the PR to the queue with `bors r+`, and in that case, bors does not post any comments until things have merged (or unless things fail). When we type `bors d+` (`d` for "delegate", I guess), bors will give instructions, then continue waiting for either a maintainer or the PR author to type `bors r+` to proceed.

After responding appropriately to bors (if necessary), the PR will get added to the "merge queue". The merge queue gets cleared automatically, but this takes some finite amount of time as it requires building branches of mathlib.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
Other labels include "WIP" and "blocked-other-PR". A WIP (= work in progress) PR still needs some foundational work (e.g. maybe it still contains `sorry`s) before getting reviewed. Post a WIP if you want to announce that you're working on something you expect to finish soon. Consider adding the "help wanted" label to directly solicit contributions. The "blocked-other-PR" label means that some specific other PR should be resolved before addressing this one. 
```

>  After responding appropriately to bors, the PR will get added to the "merge queue". The merge queue gets cleared automatically, but this takes some finite amount of time as it requires building branches of mathlib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After responding appropriately to bors (if necessary), the PR will get added to the "merge queue". The merge queue gets cleared automatically, but this takes some finite amount of time as it requires building branches of mathlib.
```
